docs: add virtual cluster limits known issue DOC-1592 (#5440)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/troubleshooting/palette-dev-engine.md

   ```

4. Repeat step one through three for each host cluster that makes up the Cluster Group.

## Scenario - Adjust Virtual Clusters Limits Before Palette Upgrades

> Palette upgrades on K3s virtual clusters upgrades may get stuck if the cluster does not have enough resources to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Palette upgrades on K3s virtual clusters may get stuck if the cluster does not have enough resources to
```

accommodate additional pods. Ensure that your cluster has 1 CPU, 1 GiB of memory, and 1 GiB storage of free resources

> before commencing an upgrade.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
before commencing an upgrade. Use the following steps to adjust the resource limits of a virtual cluster.
```

I felt like we were missing a sentence 😅

### Debug Steps

1. Log in to [Palette](https://console.spectrocloud.com).

2. Select **Cluster Groups** from the left **Main Menu**. The list of cluster groups appears.

> 3. Select the **Virtual Clusters** tab. Then, select one of your virtual clusters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Select the **Virtual Clusters** tab. Next, select one of your virtual clusters.
```

> 4. Click **Settings**. Then, select **Cluster Settings**. The **Settings** pane appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select **Settings > Cluster Settings**. The **Settings** pane appears.
```

Refer to the Slack thread for additional details ^-^

> 5. Select the **Cluster Size** tab. Make a note of the CPU, memory and storage allocation indicated in their respective
>    fields. Then, close the **Settings** pane.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Select the **Cluster Size** tab. Make a note of the CPU, memory and storage allocation indicated in their respective
   fields. Close the **Settings** pane once you are done reviewing the resources.

```

6. Click on the host cluster link in the **Host Cluster** field. The cluster **Overview** tab appears.

7. Download the **kubeconfig** file for your cluster and connect to it using
   [kubectl CLI](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubectl/). Refer to the
   [Access Cluster with CLI](../clusters/cluster-management/palette-webctl.md#access-cluster-with-cli) section for
   further guidance.

> 

Reviewer 2: We are missing the step where the user opens up the terminal and navigates to it.

8. Execute the following commands to find the CPU and memory usage of all the pods deployed to your virtual cluster.
   This gives you an approximation of the resource usage in your virtual cluster.

   ```shell
   virtual_cluster_namespace=$(kubectl get pods --all-namespaces --no-headers | grep '^.*\svirtual-cluster' | awk '{print $1}')
   kubectl top pods --namespace $virtual_cluster_namespace
   ```

> 

Reviewer 2: Would be nice to add an example output 😄

Author: Good shout! Added

> 9. Compare your CPU and memory usage to the virtual cluster allocations that you made a note of earlier in step five.
>    Your cluster should have 1 CPU, 1 GiB of memory, and 1 GiB storage of free before commencing an upgrade. If your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Compare your CPU and memory usage to the virtual cluster allocations that you made note of earlier in step five.
   Your cluster should have 1 CPU, 1 GiB of memory, and 1 GiB of storage free before commencing an upgrade. If your
```

   cluster requires further resources and your virtual cluster allocation is at the limit, you can increase your virtual
   cluster limits.

> 10. Select **Cluster Groups** from the left **Main Menu**. The list of cluster groups appears.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
10. Navigate back to the Palette UI. In the left **Main Menu**, select **Cluster Groups** . The list of cluster groups appears.
```

> 11. Select the cluster group corresponding to your virtual cluster. Then, click **Settings**. The **Cluster Group
>     Settings** pane appears.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
11. Select the cluster group corresponding to your virtual cluster. Click on **Settings** in the top right-hand corner. The **Cluster Group
    Settings** pane appears.

```

> 12. Select the **Settings** tab. You can adjust the CPU, memory and storage limits according to your requirements from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12. Select the **Settings** tab. You can adjust the CPU, memory, and storage limits according to your requirements from
```

    the **Virtual Clusters Limits** section. Alternatively, you can disable limits entirely by changing the

>     `isolation.resourceQuota.enabled` YAML value to false. Click **Save Changes**. Then, close the **Settings** pane.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    `isolation.resourceQuota.enabled` YAML value to `false`. Click **Save Changes**. Then, close the **Settings** pane.
```

> 13. Select the **Virtual Clusters** tab. Then, select the virtual cluster you have been analyzing so far from the
>     clusters list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
13. Select the **Virtual Clusters** tab. From the clusters list, choose the virtual cluster you have been analyzing.
```

> 14. Click **Settings**. Then, select **Cluster Settings**. The **Settings** pane appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
14. Select **Settings > Cluster Settings**. The **Settings** pane appears.
```

> 15. Select the **Cluster Size** tab. You can then resize the cluster size to ensure there are 1 CPU, 1 GiB of memory,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
15. Select the **Cluster Size** tab. You can then resize the cluster size to ensure there is 1 CPU, 1 GiB of memory,
```

"Is" is not technically correct here. While there are multiple objects, each one is singular (represented by "1"). So "is" is the correct form. :)

    and 1 GiB storage of free resources.

> 16. Repeat one through 15 for each of your virtual clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
16. Repeat steps one through 15 for each virtual cluster.
```

Reviewer: Note that the number of steps here will change if you incorporate that extra step Karl recommended.
